model: SRC-X10B-2D
highlight: Long-Range Single-Face Defense
range_km: 20
image: /images/radar/src-x10b-2d.jpg
factory_location: Xi'an, China
targets:
  drone_small: 10
The SRC-X10B-2D Low-Altitude Surveillance Radar is an intelligent detection 3D radar. It can rapidly detect and continuously track targets such as UAVs, aircraft, vehicles and birds. It is widely used in critical sites to prevent hazards caused by aerial intruders and birds. 
Utilizing simultaneous multi-beam technology and high-performance signal processing techniques, this radar can rapidly and accurately acquire target position and motion states even in complex, dense multi-target environments. The radar employs a continuous wave operation mode with low transmission power, significantly enhancing its resistance to stability compared to pulse-based systems.
Within a cooperative detection system, this radar can serve as the core sensing unit, providing high-precision target data to other sensors (such as electro-optical devices, bird dispersal equipment) to achieve precise guidance.
I. Product Features
 Wide Detection Range: Employing DBF technology and leveraging a high-performance signal processor, the radar can simultaneously detect up to 500 targets within a 360° azimuth and 65° elevation range. Relying on its powerful signal processor, it can effectively handle complex scenarios with large coverage areas and multiple targets.
 Strong Tracking Capability: By adopting advanced tracking filtering algorithms, it has significantly improved its target tracking performance.
 Effective Small Target Detection: Utilizing a Frequency Modulated Continuous Wave (FMCW) system, it avoids the signal-to-noise ratio mutation issues caused by waveform handover in pulse radars, ensuring continuous detection of very small targets (such as the DJI Mini 3) at all elevation angles.
 High Intelligence: Employing sophisticated clutter suppression technology combined with machine learning-based AI algorithms, it learns environmental characteristics in real-time. While effectively filtering out environmental clutter, it accurately extracts weak target signals and performs feature extraction, maintaining a very low false alarm rate in complex backgrounds and enabling effective identification of drones and birds.
 Strong Ground Clutter Rejection: With exceptionally high sub-clutter visibility, it can continuously and stably track ultra-low altitude moving targets even in urban building environments.
 Excellent anti electromagnetic interception performance: using continuous wave working system, the transmission power is at a low level. Compared with pulse radar, the risk of electromagnetic interception is greatly reduced, and the anti-interference and concealment performance is more outstanding.
 Low Operational Difficulty: Featuring a lightweight and compact structural design, it enables rapid deployment and withdrawal for high-mobility operations. The user interface is friendly, making it simple and easy to operate. At the algorithm level, adaptive processing is adopted, eliminating the need to set numerous operating parameters and allowing for quick mastery.
II. Product Specifications
1.	Operating Band: X-band
2.	Technology: Mechanical Azimuth Scan + Elevation DBF
3.	Measurement Range
①　Detection Range: 20km
②　Maximum Detection Altitude: 3000m
③　Blind Zone: 50m
④　Azimuth Coverage: 360° 
⑤　Elevation Coverage: -5° ~ 60°
⑥　Velocity Measurement Range: 1-150m/s
4.	Detection Range
①　Micro UAVs, Birds, Wild Boars (RCS=0.003㎡, DJI Mini 3): ≥6km
②　Small UAVs, Large Birds (RCS=0.01㎡, Phantom 4): ≥10km
③　Car, Chopper (RCS=5m²): ≥20km
5.	Measurement Accuracy (RMS)
①　Range Accuracy: ≤5m 
②　Velocity Accuracy: ≤0.5m/s 
③　Angle Accuracy: ≤0.3° (Azimuth), ≤0.3° (Elevation)
6.	Refresh Rate: 2s (30rpm, standard), 3s (20rpm), 1s (60rpm, upgradeable)
7.	Simultaneous Tracking Capacity: ≥500 targets
8.	Environmental Adaptability
①　Operating Temperature: -40℃ ~ +55℃
②　Operating Humidity: ≤90%
③　Protection Rating: IP66 (Radar Host: IP67)
9.	Interface/Power Supply
①　Power Supply: DC 36-52V (supplied with AC220V-DC48V adapter)  
②　Power Consumption: ≤400W 
③　Communication: Ethernet (Circular Aviation Connector)
10.	Size/Weight: ≤66 kg (Host +Turntable) 

                

